Fixed error in hmccreds_schema.yml that surfaced with jsonschema>=4.0 (#185)
zhmcclient/zhmc-prometheus-exporter: docs/changes.rst

* Disabled new Pylint issue 'consider-using-f-string', since f-strings were
  introduced only in Python 3.6.

* The hmccreds_schema.yml schema incorrectly specified the items of an array
  as a list. That was tolerated by JSON schema draft 07. When jsonschema 4.0
  added support for newer JSON schema versions, that broke. Fixed that by

>   changing the array items fromm a list to its list item object. Also,
>   in order to not fall into future JSON schema incopatibilities again, added

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  changing the array items from a list to its list item object. Also,
  in order to not fall into future JSON schema incompatibilities again, added
```
